====== Upcoming GTALUG Meetings ======

  * **Q3 2017**
    * [[2017-09]]
  * **Q4 2017**
    * [[2017-10]]
    * [[2017-11]]
    * [[2017-12]]
  * **Q1 2018**
    * [[2018-01]]
    * [[2018-02]]
    * [[2018-03]]
  * **Q2 2018**
    * [[2018-04]]
    * [[2018-05]]
    * [[2018-06]]

===== Slush List =====

These are possible talks that could happen in the future:

  * Hugh R. on LibreSwan or whatever...
  * IPv6 in your own network
  * Panels
    * Editors
    * Digital/Crypto Currencies
  * 3D Printing with Alex Volkov, going slowly, so likely late fall/winter
  * DCB on OpenStack
  * Chris Browne is thinking of "what's new in 2017 for..." as somewhat short topics
    * Grep in 2017 - boy, there's lots of new text search tools
    * Make and its alternatives
    * New Stuff with Postgres 2017 - Postgres 10?
  * MariaDB

===== Past Meeting =====

  * **Q3 2017**
    * [[2017-08]]
    * [[2017-07]]
  * **Q2 2017**
    * [[2017-06]]
    * [[2017-05]]
    * [[2017-04]]

